So here we have a little bit of a math heavy rhythm for Max multiple We are taking in a divisor and
we are taking in a bound and maximal is kind of a strange name for this boy Bisley three rules and we
we are saying End is devised well by a number our result is also less than or equal to the bound and
is no greater than.
And it is greater than zero and they are guaranteeing that we are.
There is a real number for input.
In our example we're just going to do this first on three and 10.
I have no hints for you.
It's a sort of a math problem if you don't think of it that way but really it is here to see if you
can understand just a little bit of algorithm talk I think more than anything else.
All right so hopefully you had a second to look at sort of those three requirements and really take
a look at it and understand what they were asking what they were asking was.
We need to modulo are bound by the divider and find out what that is.
And then with our bound I called the remainder.
That's our actual solution.
So we're going to create a variable here which I call remainder and we're going to take bound and modular
by the divisor.
I sort of step one to actually getting the result that we want.
And then we're going to return the bound minus the remainder.
That's really it at the end of the day.
There's a lot of sort of algorithm talk in it and sometimes when you do these algorithms cites and problems
like that they want to get you used to those those types of questions and that type of talk.
There's probably a much easier way to explain this problem in sort of plain old English.
The end is this if J is this and if this correlated with this.
And you know if it's a full moon you know whatever.
So that's really all they were asking at the end of the day.